TODO
generalise the note functionality and try to get it working with popup messages instead of that status thing, and
try to get it working with reRendering the html template instead of redrawing the entire popup
2

TODO
Test the Web App in Catwalk
1
(DONE)

Fixed a bug in the Invoices and Payments page of intranet_app.
The select query to retrieve the payments to list in the payments table, was not retrieving the Payments that were applied
to an entire Account Group properly.  They would not have run into this problem at the call center because there are currently
no account groups that have more than one account in them.


Get Rich to remove those files that aren't required
	HtmlTemplateAccountUnbilledChargeTotal

	html_template/account/unbilled_charge_total.php
	html_template/account/unbilled_charge_list.php
	html_template/service/unbilled_charge_list.php
(DONE.  I did it myself)

TODO URGENT!
Write an algorithm of what needs to happen to add a service and to edit a service and to change the plan of a service.
3

TODO
Check out the proper Knowledge Base Article on DPS as it pertains to the logic behind unarchiving a service which MUST be implemented 
in the "Edit Service" functionality.  Jared said we have to implement this logic.
Maybe I should do it.

TODO! TODO! TODO! TODO! TODO! TODO! TODO! TODO! TODO! TODO! TODO! TODO! TODO! TODO! 
Ask Jared if he can think of any reason, off the top of his head, as to why this would be happening?
The Invoices And Payments page of the intranet app is currently broken on catwalk, yet it works on localhost.  I think it has something to
do with javascript.  The menu isn't showing.
The knowledge base works fine and it includes a VixenTable with drop down div


Issues raised when testing TelcoBlue Client System on Catwalk:
	If you log in incorrectly, there is no error message, it just redirects you back to the login screen
	(fixed)

	In the Account Details shown in the console:
		only display the ABN if it is not an empty string (residential customers will not have one)
		Display the ACN if they have one
		(DONE)

	Currently, the list of services includes closed services.  Should the closed services be marked as being closed in the table?
	Closed services could still have unbilled charges related to them. (I think)

	For Account# 1000008111 The total Debit and Total Credit of their invoices and payments have a difference of $9.73 which should be
	their balance.  But the balance is being displayed as 0.  There were 2 payments made in May of this year.
	1 of those payments was reversed.  Not including this reversed payment, the difference between the total credits and total debits is
	equal to the Debit of the first invoice that isn't $0.00.  I'm guessing it has a special status. (it doesn't)

	For the Invoices and Payments page I am currently retrieving all Invoices and Payments for the account, regardless of their status.  These
	Are being included in the totals that are displayed at the bottom of the table.






