Check out the "Outstanding issues regarding the client app" document found in my home directory
(DONE)

TODO
You should add functionality to the DBObject class so that you can specify another property as the property to set when loading the record
Currently it has to be the Id property.
talk to Jared about this


I think the current way that the CheckClientAuth and CheckAuth work, prohibits the user from logging in on more than 1 machine at a time.
Who gives a shit?  You have bigger things to worry about.


TODO!
Make sure the user can only download their own invoice pdfs and noone elses
(DONE)


Currently in the Invoices and payments page of ui_app, it doesn't check when the email is sent, that it exists.  It checks
when the Invoices and Payments page is loaded and it is assumed that if the invoice exists at that point in time, it will exist
indefinately in the future.  This should still probably be safe guarded against.


I wrote the client web app to be run in firefox but it would have to be runable in Internet Explorer.  This is an issue which
has not been addressed yet.


TODO!
EnableELB and Disable ELB only needs to be run if the service is an indial100
Make sure it is implemented
3

TODO!
Define the Where functionality for DBObjects so that you don't require the Id to retrieve a record
1

TODO!
Check out the adding of properties to a DBList during a foreach loop, because you are supposed to be able to do it,
but it has been my experience that it doesn't work.
Do this in a test environment.
Apparantly a DBList stores an array of DBObjects and objects are always passed by reference
2
(DONE.  DBLists do currently work with foreach loops, so that you can add properties to each individual DBObject of the list)

Test all the debugging of the Invoices and Payments page with catwalk.

TODO!
There is a merge data function in the DBObject class.  This should probably be used when editting a record

TODO!!!
DBO()->Object->Where->Property = Value
we also need DBO()->Object->Where->Clean() which clears the contents of the DBWhere object.


The new pages to choose rates.  
There should be some made, but I don't think they are accessable through the current intranet_app


