Notes regarding the Invoices and Payments page

with the radio buttons, NULL must equate to Zero. (0 == Charge a late payment fee)
(DONE)

Also when the apply changes is pressed a popup should tell the user that the changes have been saved.
(this could be done by having the page object accept some javascript which it runs once the page has been rendered.
Once the page is rendered, you could just display a popup.)
This could be rendered in the render footer.
OR I could just change the "Apply Changes" button to do an AJAX submit instead of a regular submit
(DONE)

Everything on the page should be inclusive of GST (Make sure everything is)


The automatic notes relating to delete operations should be more descriptive.
And also, possibly the popup description where you can manually specify a note.
(DONE)

There might be an issue with hitting backspace when you are typing in a textbox.
(There isn't an issue with this)


TODO!
The UIAppDocumentation tables will have to be updated on catwalk


Make sure that the Make Payments popup can handle an account not having an account group
check account: 1000008111
The current way that the combo box is set up in HtmlTemplatePaymentAdd, it will not include the option to apply the payment
to an entire group, if there is only 1 account belonging to the account group.
(NOT FIXED BECAUSE NOT BROKEN TO BEING WITH)


In the add adjustment popup, only the most recent 6 invoices should be in the invoice popup.  Currently they are all being added to the combo.
(FIXED)


Have icons for the status of invoices.
(NOT DONE)


DO THIS!!!
What about denoting manditory fields?
(DONE)


TODO!! TOMORROW!!!
That thing that is on the board.
which is:
	Have a special image where the delete button should be for payment records that satisfy the conditions:
	(Payment.Balance == 0) && (Payment.Status == Finished) && 
	(has no attached invoices (Payment <--> InvoicePayment <--> Invoice)) <-- (that is to say the payment is not connected to an invoice
										but it can be connected to an invoicePayment record)
(DONE)
